c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\Bin\Debug\MilbatProject.dll
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\Bin\Debug\MilbatProject.pdb
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\Bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\Bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\Bin\Debug\MilbatProject.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\Bin\Debug\MilbatProject_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\MilbatProject.g.resources
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\MilbatProject.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\MilbatProject.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\MilbatProject.dll
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\MilbatProject.pdb
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\MDILProjectFiles.xml
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Ido\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\QuestionsPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Ido\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\WizardMainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Ido\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\RoomPropertiesPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Ido\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\AboutPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Ido\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\WizardOutsideHousePage.g.cs
C:\Users\Ido\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\ContactPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Ido\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\DidYouKnowPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Ido\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\DisclaimerPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Ido\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\MyReports.g.cs
C:\Users\Ido\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\WizardInsideHousePage.g.cs
C:\Users\Ido\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\MyReportsInsideHouse.g.cs
C:\Users\Ido\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\MyReportsInsideRoom.g.cs
C:\Users\Ido\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\MyReportsInsideRecord.g.cs
C:\Users\Ido\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\SplashPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Ido\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\PictureResidentPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Ido\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\StoresPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Ido\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\Bin\Debug\Assets\StoreLogo.png
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\AboutPage.g.cs
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\ContactPage.g.cs
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\DetailsPage.g.cs
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\DidYouKnowPage.g.cs
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\DisclaimerPage.g.cs
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\MyReports.g.cs
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\MyReportsInsideHouse.g.cs
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\MyReportsInsideRecord.g.cs
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\MyReportsInsideRoom.g.cs
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\PictureResidentPage.g.cs
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\QuestionsPage.g.cs
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\RoomPropertiesPage.g.cs
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\SplashPage.g.cs
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\StoresPage.g.cs
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\WizardInsideHousePage.g.cs
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\WizardMainPage.g.cs
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\WizardOutsideHousePage.g.cs
C:\Users\Ido\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\MilbatProject.g.resources
C:\Users\Ido\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\MilbatProject.Resources.AppResources.resources
C:\Users\Ido\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\MilbatProject.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Ido\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\MilbatProject.dll
C:\Users\Ido\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\Ido\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
C:\Users\Ido\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
C:\Users\Ido\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
C:\Users\Ido\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
C:\Users\Ido\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
C:\Users\Ido\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\Bin\Debug\MilbatProject.dll
C:\Users\Ido\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\Bin\Debug\MilbatProject.pdb
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\Bin\Debug\MilbatProject_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
C:\Users\Ido\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\MilbatProject.pdb
c:\users\ido\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Ido\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\SettingsPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Ido\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\PhotoGallery.g.cs
C:\Users\Ido\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MilbatProject\MilbatProject\obj\Debug\StoresMainPage.g.cs
